hi there, you were on tv on the channel and with
I'm 701 by you and today, under the heading
x factor we'll talk about one of the most
the best in my opinion medium tanks 7
panzar level well or panther and
classics of the genre first talk about
tactical and technical characteristics
booking body in the forehead 85 board
50-40 so-so booking if still
take into account our dimensions but at the same time
sometimes it turns out to tank opponents
lower level tower armor in the forehead 120
millimeters solid such tsiferka board
and feed on 60 but at the same time solid
The tsiferka does not give us that armor
we wanted it because rational
armor slope angles are n't about us
Yes, and the turret of the commander is quite strong
bulges so the towers don't tank
will always turn to go to
maneuverability tank weight 45 and 18 hundredths
700 horsepower engine ton
forces again not complex calculations
managed to find out what
power density is 15
half horsepower per ton
This is to transcendental indicator but how
you could already guess the German tanks
it's not about speed though max. 55
kilometers per hour
typing pretty confident sorry that
only from the hill but at the same time our
maneuverability is enough to
spin most heavy tanks
which we can meet
what else do you need for a medium tank and more
we need i think the most important part in
any tank is a weapon
the words German gun has already become
synonymous to the word sniper guns and
here it appears probably like nowhere
First accuracy information 032 33 times
seconds while not quite bad
stabilization since we are still not strong
fast driving rate
eleven and a half shots at
minute level of course 160 is
standard score for most
medium tanks of this level and vodka
average armor penetration in 198 already
millimeters allows us to easily
punch almost everyone who can us
meet well the first stage
review already passed I successfully read
tactical and technical characteristics and
expressed his opinion on this
Now I think it's worth telling how
just need to use panther
optimal battle tactics will be
oddly enough cover our allied
medium tanks you drive to the same position
where all your medium tanks go
allies but on the second line
thereby use your dpm on and
exact and penetrating weapon will be
much more convenient without harm to their
hit points such a support tank which
at any time can break the chain and
bypass opponents from the flank of the other
tactics of warfare may be
calm and measured shooting
opponents on long distances
most often use this tactic is
when there is no other medium in your team
tanks and pt are present , etc.
in this case, it is recommended to occupy
positions away from their heavy
tanks and cover them well in handy
moment
bypass opponents from the flank and enter
im in the rear is the main thing in using this
techniques not to stand until the end of the battle
when all your allies are already
will kill by another use of it
tank can be called perhaps aggressive
the game but again with the note that
It means aggressive play on any panther
in no case need to go alone
to play panther aggressively needed
platoon and here unfortunately with no exceptions
otherwise, on a lonely
pretty cardboard panther fast
opponents will fall out and
destroy such an aggressive look
gameplay also requires considerable skill
as well as the skills of the game but at the same
you get pleasure from it
much more I want to say in
completing an abundance of tactics and methods
panther applications are probably one of
biggest among other medium
level 7 tanks
that's why i consider panther
universal and the best car on
your level
certainly among medium tanks and what about
This machine think you write in
comments, I will read them with pleasure
and on this today everyone thanks for all
attention if you liked the video not
forget to subscribe to the channel and
like
and also join the group in contact and
subscribe to my twitter all links
there is in the description to new meetings